CAREER OBJECTIVE, Veeresh R E-mail: veereshr87@gmail.com LinkedIn: veeresh-r-b59b68151 Mobile No: +918867797481 To successful carrier through learning and giving efforts with hard work. This will enable me to provide best of my technical, analytical and professional skills. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Having 4.5 years of experience. From last 1 year of working on Cimplyfive for Cleartax. 1.4 year of experience on OLA Insurance for OLA client. 3 months of internship on EPMS in Entomo. 4 months of internship on Jookebox music application. Efficient in Java, MySQL, MangoDB programming skills. Efficient in Spring MVC, Sping Boot, Hibernet. EXPERIENCE SUMMARY: Currently working in Tarento Technology, Bangalore from Jun 2021 to till date. Worked as intern in Entomo for 3 months. Worked in Parinitha Music Service Pvt Ltd. (Jookebox), Bangalore as a Software Developer from June 2019 to October 2020. Worked as intern in Parinitha Music Service Pvt Ltd. (Jookebox) for 4 months. TECHNICAL SKILLS/TOOLS Operating systems Linux, Windows Version Management Tool Git Defect Tracking Tools Jira, Zoho IDE IntelliJ, Eclipse, Visual studio Programming Languages Java, MySQL, MangoDB Automation server Jenkins, Orchestrator PROFESSIONAL SKILLS Good analytical and logical thinking. Commitment and ability to learn technology in short time. EDUCATION DETAILS Master of Computer Application from Dr.Ambedkar Institute of Technology, Bengaluru in 2019. Bachelor of Computer Application Vidyavahini First Grade College, Tumkur in 2017. PROJECT SUMMARY: Project#1: Cimplyfive Technology used: Angular, Java, Spring MVC Database: MangoDB Client: ClearTax Description: CimplyFive blends domain knowledge and technology to provide automation solution to compliance risk management, which is the base for good corporate governance. Which serves the needs of many corporate groups and professional services firms by meeting the needs of different types of companies in India. Project#2: Ola finance system- Insurance Database: MySQL Technology used: Java, SpringBoot[API], Hibernet Client: OLA Modules: Mobile screen protection: Which provides insurance for Mobile screens. MSTU (Monthly Super Top Up): Health insurance for month. Home Device Protect: It covers insurance for all electronic devices and Gadgets at home. Doctor On Call: Live doctor unlimited consultation on demand. OPD Insurance: Out-patient in-person consultation which covers consultation fee, medicines, and Diagnostics. Driver Health Protect: Which provides health insurance for cab Drivers. Emergency Health Cover for Bike riders: Provides health cover for riders till specific duration after ride. Flight Insurance: Provides insurance on Flight travelers. Ex: Flight delay, Health,.etc. Pocket Security: Provides financial protection for unforeseen circumstances. Roles and Responsibilities: API implementation on all products. Handled complete ownership of some products. Multiple vendor integration. Mobile screen protection: Riskcovery redirection URL (ASC encryption) Get User details Save user Details Project#3: Online Assessment Application Technology used: Angular, Java, SpringBoot[API] Database: MySQL [MariaDB] Description: This Assessment application is to take online test in an efficient manner and reduces the time of paperwork. The main objective of online test is to evaluate the candidate’s questions thoroughly through an automated system, where admin uses the email id and IP address of the candidate to verify, test will be of multiple type of questions like linear scale, checkboxes with the different shuffling of question series, here the assessment link will be given with the expire date and duration hours of test. Finally, we can generate the reports of the individual candidate and it can also be viewed through graphs. Further the result would also be mailed to the student instantly. Project#4: Jookebox web application Database: MySQL [MariaDB] Technology used: HTML, Bootstrap, Hypertext Pre-Processor [PHP] Description: Parinitha Music Service Pvt Ltd. (jookebox) has a device which plays music. This web application can be used to control the device of wish list songs, Scheduling playlist, Occasional wishes, and Jingles etc. As per the app admin have the control of device and user access. Based on admin permission user can have the control of device, where application helps them to view the subscriptions, songs details and device information. DECLARATION I do hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: Bengaluru Date: (Veeresh)